Add WC guide for testing the contribution (#172)
vaadin/docs: articles/guide/contributing/web-component-integration-testing.asciidoc

= Testing of Java Integration for Web Components

> Contributions to Vaadin products requires test(-s) to be included within Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions, which include enhancements or new features, should include tests that verify the enhancement or new feature works as expected.
```
I think this is what we are trying to say.

Reviewer: Are we consistently using “Pull Request”, capitalized, in the contribution guide? I would prefer “pull request”, as it’s a relatively common term. Not sure if GitHub capitalizes it or not.

> The same advices and rules are applied as for creation of the tests for web-components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same advice and rules apply as when creating tests for web components.
```

.Best practices include:
* Following <<./web-component-testing#,TDD and DRY principles>>
* <<./web-component-testing#not-reinventing-the-wheel,Not Reinventing the Wheel>>
* <<./web-component-testing#test-the-use-case,Test the Use Case>>
* <<./web-component-testing#test-coverage,Test Coverage>>

> == Modules Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Module Structure
```
